Add README.md and template (#2)
cilium/design-cfps: README.md

This directory contains CFP design proposals for features impacting repos across the
Cilium Github organization.

# Purpose of CFPs

The purpose of a Cilium Feature Proposal (CFP) is to allow community members to gain feedback
on their designs from the Committers before the community member commits to
executing on the design. By going through the design process, developers gain a
high level of confidence that their designs are viable and will be
accepted.

NOTE: This process is not mandatory. Anyone can execute on their own design
without going through this process and submit code to the respective repos.
However, depending on the complexity of the design and how experienced the
developer is within the community, they could greatly benefit from going through
this design process first. The risk of not getting a design proposal approved
is that a developer may not arrive at a viable architecture that the community will
accept.

# How to create CFPs

> To create a CFP, it is recommended to use the `CFP-001-template.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a CFP, it is recommended to use the `CFP-002-template.md`
```

file as an outline. The structure of this template is meant to provide a starting
point for people. Feel free to edit and modify your outline to best fit your
needs when creating a proposal. The title should be `CFP-###-subject.md` 

> where the number is the PR number.

Reviewer: We tried this in Gateway (I think?), and the flow is not great because you have to open the PR, then rename the file after you've opened it. I'd recommend that the flow be either:
- open a CFP issue in cilium/cilium and use that number here,
- or open an issue here and use that number.

Depending on where we want to track delivery of CFPs.

Also, having an issue allows use to merge CFPs as _provisional_, _implementable_ or some other non-Done state, and then closing the CFP issue (wherever it lives) happens when the CFP is implemented.

Author: We currently track CFPs in the respective repos that they affect ([see template](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/new?assignees=&labels=kind%2Ffeature&template=feature_template.md&title=CFP%3A+)). While we could theoretically have a number collision if two CFPs in different repo (cilium and hubble for example) I think the risk is low.

We should probably update that template to include this new repo too

Author: I've added that here https://github.com/cilium/cilium/pull/23841

> To create a CFP, it is recommended to use the `CFP-001-template.md`
> file as an outline. The structure of this template is meant to provide a starting
> point for people. Feel free to edit and modify your outline to best fit your
> needs when creating a proposal. The title should be `CFP-###-subject.md` 
> where the number is the PR number.

Author: ```suggestion
To create a CFP, it is recommended to use the `CFP-003-template.md`
file as an outline. The structure of this template is meant to provide a starting
point for people. Feel free to edit and modify your outline to best fit your
needs when creating a proposal. The title should be `CFP-###-subject.md` 
where the number is the CFP issue number.
```

> where the number is the CFP issue number.

Reviewer 2: How does a contributor know what the "CFP issue number" is?

Should contributors open a new issue first, or should they open a blank PR and then update it to pick a number? (How does k8s do this? :thinking: )

Reviewer: k8s has you open an issue first, and uses that as the basis.

Reviewer: Another question from me: What about design proposal for Cilium _org_ repos other than `cilium/cilium`? I guess the simplest answer here is that the process is something like this:
1. Create a CFP issue in the repo your design applies to. (ie, cilium/cilium, cilium/tetragon, etc)
2. Create the file in this repo, with a path of `cfps/<repo>/CFP-####-subject.md`.
3. Merging the file into this repo constitutes acceptance of the design (or something to that effect).

This is imposing this requirement on other projects (like Tetragon), but I suspect that's going to end up a win in the longer term.

Author: I've tried to capture this below. # 3 should be covered in "getting a designed approved" below. 

I don't think this is actually imposing a requirement on other projects because they could decided to do something else and we would end up with just a `cilium` folder

> To create a CFP, it is recommended to use the `CFP-003-template.md`
> file as an outline. The structure of this template is meant to provide a starting
> point for people. Feel free to edit and modify your outline to best fit your
> needs when creating a proposal. The title should be `CFP-###-subject.md` 
> where the number is the CFP issue number.

Author: ```suggestion
To create a CFP, it is recommended to use the `CFP-003-template.md`
file as an outline. The structure of this template is meant to provide a starting
point for people. Feel free to edit and modify your outline to best fit your
needs when creating a proposal. When are you ready to submit your CFP please:

1. Create a CFP issue in the repo your design applies to if you haven't already
2. Create the file in this repo, with a path of `<repo>/CFP-###-subject.md` where the number is the CFP issue number
```

Many design docs also begin their life as a Google doc or other shareable
file for easy commenting and editing when still in the early stages of discussion.

> Once your proposal is done, submit it as a PR to the design-cfps folder.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once your proposal is done, submit it as a PR to the design-cfps repository.
```

By the way, do you want the CFPs to be added to the root of this repo, or in a subdir?
[EDIT] OK never mind, I see that the next commit adds the subdir.
